# School-Meditation-App-JavaAWT
In the second year as a student of Ovidius University in Constanta, Informatics, at the end of the first semester I had to do a project in teams of two, in Java with a graphic interface! The project is about the generation and management of school meditations!

Statement of the Problem

The EMeditation system creates the connection between students/students and teachers/tutors in order to establish the time, date, place and price of the private lessons that the students want to take. Teachers have the possibility to create accounts in the application, to modify their personal data, to add certificates attesting to their professional experience and to manage the subjects taught. In addition, any teacher logged into the application can add photos, accept/reject students' requests and cancel sessions. After the teacher accepts/rejects the request or cancels the session - the system displays it to the student when he logs in on the respective day. Similarly, students have the opportunity to create accounts in the application, to modify their personal data and to manage their preferred subjects. In addition, any student logged into the application can add a profile picture, send requests to teachers and cancel previously scheduled sessions. After the student sends a request or cancels a session - the system displays it to the teacher when he logs in on the respective day. After finishing the training (meditations) with a teacher, any student can complete a review with data on how the sessions were conducted, if he recommends the teacher to other students and what grade he gives. The teacher can ask the application to list the received reviews on the printer.
